docs/OUTPUT.md, before:

# EXPECTED OUTPUT

## example

### atomic_counters_example.dart
```sh
✅ Connected to Valkey/Redis.
Initial value: 0
INCR result: 1
INCRBY 10 result: 11
DECR result: 10
DECRBY 5 result: 5
```

### cluster_auto_discovery_example.dart
```sh
✅ Connected to cluster node at 127.0.0.1:7001

Fetching cluster topology using CLUSTER SLOTS...
Cluster topology loaded. Found 3 slot ranges:
--------------------
  Slots: 0 - 5460
  Master: 192.168.65.254:7001 (ID: 9cb6e8f7e10d85a7a6a30f5fc17f06a5775b1805)
  Replicas:
    - 192.168.65.254:7006 (ID: 30620559f4420dd5f05308401a2c96b34362739c)
--------------------
  Slots: 5461 - 10922
  Master: 192.168.65.254:7002 (ID: 75d08706344d98c243c9579abf89a6075f39534f)
  Replicas:
    - 192.168.65.254:7004 (ID: 9a493209da40578023c314f49a1b234de045d995)
--------------------
  Slots: 10923 - 16383
  Master: 192.168.65.254:7003 (ID: e61e5a1ebab6ead786f21183d054fc239c510495)
  Replicas:
    - 192.168.65.254:7005 (ID: bdad94835d820ffc4302ea689f2bdba6c439be8e)

Closing connection...
```

### cluster_client_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Cluster connected and slot map loaded.

Running SET command for "key:A" (Slot 9366)...
SET response: OK

Running GET command for "key:A"...
GET response: Hello from Cluster!

Running SET command for "key:B"...
SET response: OK

Running GET command for "key:B"...
GET response: Valkey rocks!

Closing all cluster connections...
```

### cluster_failover_stress_test.dart
```sh
```

### cluster_mget_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Connected to cluster.

Setting up test data on multiple nodes...
Executing MGET for [key:A, key:B, key:C, missing_key]...
Results: [Value-A, Value-B, Value-C, null]
✅ MGET Success: Retrieved values from multiple nodes in correct order!
```

### cluster_redirection_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Connected.

Starting Resilience & Continuous Operations Test Loop...
----------------------------------------------------------------
👉 ACTION REQUIRED: Kill the current master node to see failover!
   Run: valkey-cli -p <PORT> DEBUG SEGFAULT
----------------------------------------------------------------

👉 TIP: Now open your terminal and try these chaos actions:
   1. valkey-cli -p 7001 DEBUG SEGFAULT (Kill a node)
   2. valkey-cli --cluster reshard ... (Move slots)
   3. Watch this client recover automatically! (MOVED/ASK handling)

[SUCCESS 1] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-1
[SUCCESS 2] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-2
[SUCCESS 3] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-3
[SUCCESS 4] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-4
[SUCCESS 5] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-5
[SUCCESS 6] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-6
[SUCCESS 7] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-7
[SUCCESS 8] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-8
[SUCCESS 9] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-9
[SUCCESS 10] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-10
[SUCCESS 11] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-11
[SUCCESS 12] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-12
[SUCCESS 13] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-13
[SUCCESS 14] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-14
[SUCCESS 15] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-15
[RETRY 16] Client error: ValkeyClientException: Cluster operation failed after 4 retries. Last error: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to create new pool connection: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573) (Original: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573))
[RETRY 17] Client error: ValkeyClientException: Cluster operation failed after 4 retries. Last error: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to create new pool connection: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616) (Original: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616))
[RETRY 18] Client error: ValkeyClientException: Cluster operation failed after 4 retries. Last error: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to create new pool connection: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657) (Original: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657))
[SUCCESS 19] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-19
[SUCCESS 20] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-20
[SUCCESS 21] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-21
[SUCCESS 22] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-22
[SUCCESS 23] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-23
[SUCCESS 24] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-24
[SUCCESS 25] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-25
[SUCCESS 26] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-26
```

### cluster_robustness_example.dart
```sh
✅ Connected to Cluster.

--- Testing Cluster Robustness with Sharded Pub/Sub ---
1. Subscribed to 3 sharded channels.
2. Received all messages.
3. Unsubscribed (Internal connections cleaned up).

--- Verifying Cluster Health ---
Cluster GET result: passed
✅ Cluster is healthy! v1.7.0 Pool Hardening works.
```

### cluster_sharded_pubsub_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Connected to cluster.

--- Starting Sharded Pub/Sub (SSUBSCRIBE) ---
✅ Subscribed to channels: [shard:news:{sports}, shard:news:{tech}]
broadcasting messages via SPUBLISH...
📩 Received: [shard:news:{sports}] Lakers won the game!
📩 Received: [shard:news:{tech}] Valkey 1.6.0 released!
✅ All messages received.
Unsubscribed.
```

### cluster_ssl_cloud.dart
```sh
```

### cluster_ssl_self_signed.dart
```sh
```

### database_selection.dart
```sh
🗄️ Starting Database Selection Example...

🔍 Server Metadata Discovered:
   - Software: valkey
   - Version:  9.0.0
   - Mode:     standalone
   - Max DBs:  16

✅ Data in DB 1: app:config:mode = production

---

🗄️ Starting Database Selection Example...

🔍 Server Metadata Discovered:
   - Software: valkey
   - Version:  9.0.0
   - Mode:     cluster
   - Max DBs:  1

✅ Data in DB 1: app:config:mode = production
```

### pool_example.dart
```sh
Simulating 5 concurrent requests with a pool size of 3...
[UserA] Acquiring connection...
[UserB] Acquiring connection...
[UserC] Acquiring connection...
[UserD] Acquiring connection...
[UserE] Acquiring connection...
[UserA] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserB] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserC] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserD] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserE] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserA] Received: Hello from UserA
[UserC] Received: Hello from UserC
[UserB] Received: Hello from UserB
[UserD] Received: Hello from UserD
[UserE] Received: Hello from UserE
[UserA] Releasing connection...
[UserC] Releasing connection...
[UserB] Releasing connection...
[UserD] Releasing connection...
[UserE] Releasing connection...

All requests handled.
Pool closed.
```

### pool_smart_release_example.dart
```sh
--- Starting v1.7.0 Smart Pool Example ---

1. Performing Transaction...
   Transaction executed.
   Client released (Smart Release handled cleanup).

2. Performing Pub/Sub...
   Subscribed to channel. Client is now dirty (Stateful).
   Pub/Sub Client released (Automatically discarded & replaced).

3. Verifying Pool Health...
   Ping response: PONG (Pool is healthy!)

✅ Example finished successfully.
```

### redis_client_basic_example.dart
```sh
value
```

### replica_read_example.dart
```sh
1 Master and 2 Replicas => ReadPreference.master

🚀 Starting Replica Read & Load Balancing Example...
✅ Connected to Master and Discovered Replicas.

✍️  Writing data (Routed to Master)...

📖 Reading data (Routed to Replicas via Round-Robin)...
   [GET user:0] -> Result: value_0 -- from Master
   [GET user:1] -> Result: value_1 -- from Master
   [GET user:2] -> Result: value_2 -- from Master
   [GET user:3] -> Result: value_3 -- from Master
   [GET user:4] -> Result: value_4 -- from Master

👋 Connection closed.

---

1 Master and 2 Replicas => ReadPreference.preferReplica

🚀 Starting Replica Read & Load Balancing Example...
✅ Connected to Master and Discovered Replicas.

✍️  Writing data (Routed to Master)...

📖 Reading data (Routed to Replicas via Round-Robin)...
   [GET user:0] -> Result: value_0 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:1] -> Result: value_1 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:2] -> Result: value_2 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:3] -> Result: value_3 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:4] -> Result: value_4 -- from Replica (6381)

👋 Connection closed.

---

1 Master and 2 Replicas => ReadPreference.replicaOnly

🚀 Starting Replica Read & Load Balancing Example...
✅ Connected to Master and Discovered Replicas.

✍️  Writing data (Routed to Master)...

📖 Reading data (Routed to Replicas via Round-Robin)...
   [GET user:0] -> Result: value_0 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:1] -> Result: value_1 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:2] -> Result: value_2 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:3] -> Result: value_3 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:4] -> Result: value_4 -- from Replica (6381)

👋 Connection closed.
```

### sharded_pubsub_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to standalone server...
✅ Connected (Subscriber & Publisher).

--- Starting Sharded Pub/Sub (Standalone) ---
Subscribing to [shard:updates:{user1}, shard:updates:{user2}]...
✅ Subscription active.
Publishing messages via SPUBLISH...
📩 Received: [shard:updates:{user1}] User 1 logged in
📩 Received: [shard:updates:{user2}] User 2 updated profile
✅ All messages received.
Unsubscribed.
```

### simple_example.dart
```sh
Hello, Valkey!
```

### simple_pool_example.dart
```sh
Hello from ValkeyPool!
```

### valkey_client_example.dart
```sh
See `docs/test_results/valkey_client_example.md`
```

### valkey_ssl_cloud.dart
```sh
```

### valkey_ssl_self_signed.dart
```sh
🔒 [Dev] Connecting to Standalone SSL (Self-Signed)...
  ✅ Connected securely!
  Value: works
  📤 PING -> 📥 PONG
  📤 GET ssl_key -> 📥 Hello Secure World

OR

🔒 [Dev] Connecting to Standalone SSL (Self-Signed)...
  ⚠️ Ignoring certificate error for: /CN=localhost
  ✅ Connected securely!
  Value: works
  📤 PING -> 📥 PONG
  📤 GET ssl_key -> 📥 Hello Secure World
```

---

## test

### atomic_counters_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### cluster_hash_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +4: All tests passed!
```

### cluster_slot_map_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +0: ClusterSlotMap updateSlot should correctly modify the node for a specific slot
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.570657] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = robustness_check
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.573907] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 16173
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.575253] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = robustness_check
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.575288] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 16173
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576458] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = foo
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576499] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 12182
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576531] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = foo
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576553] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 12182
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### cluster_slots_parser_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +6: All tests passed!
```

### database_selection_test.dart
```sh
```

### example_test.dart
```sh
```

### replica_read_test.dart
```sh
```

### sharded_pubsub_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +0: SPUBLISH should execute without error
SPUBLISH sent successfully. Receivers: 0
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_and_cluster.dart
```sh
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_mtls.dart
```sh
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_ssl_and_mtls.dart
```sh
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_tls.dart
```sh
```

### valkey_client_sharded_test.dart
```sh
# for both modes (Standalone and Cluster)

00:00 +0: ValkeyClient Sharded Pub/Sub ssubscribe receives messages published via spublish
Subscribing to shard-channel:{1}...
Publishing to shard-channel:{1}...
Received message on shard-channel:{1}: Hello Sharding
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_client_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +41: ValkeyClient Pub/Sub should receive messages on subscribed channel
TEST: Waiting for subscription ready...
TEST: Subscription ready!
TEST Publishing message 1...
TEST received: Hello from test 1
TEST Publishing message 2...
TEST received: Hello from test 2
TEST Waiting for message 1...
TEST Received message 1 OK
TEST Waiting for message 2...
TEST Received message 2 OK
00:03 +56: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_cluster_client_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +3: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_cluster_redirection_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_cluster_sharded_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +0: ValkeyClusterClient Sharded Pub/Sub ssubscribe receives messages from multiple shards (Scatter-Gather)
Cluster: Subscribing to [shard:channel:{a}, shard:channel:{b},
                         shard:channel:{c}]...
Cluster: Subscription READY.
Cluster: Publishing messages...
Cluster Received: [shard:channel:{a}] msg-a
Cluster Received: [shard:channel:{b}] msg-b
Cluster Received: [shard:channel:{c}] msg-c
✅ All messages received from multiple shards!
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_pool_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +6: All tests passed!
```

Commit message:

example: add usage example for built-in logger

docs/OUTPUT.md, after:

# EXPECTED OUTPUT

## example

### atomic_counters_example.dart
```sh
✅ Connected to Valkey/Redis.
Initial value: 0
INCR result: 1
INCRBY 10 result: 11
DECR result: 10
DECRBY 5 result: 5
```

### built_in_logger_example.dart
```sh
[2026-01-19T07:12:31.226568] Built-in Logger Example - INFO: Now you can see this message only.
```

### cluster_auto_discovery_example.dart
```sh
✅ Connected to cluster node at 127.0.0.1:7001

Fetching cluster topology using CLUSTER SLOTS...
Cluster topology loaded. Found 3 slot ranges:
--------------------
  Slots: 0 - 5460
  Master: 192.168.65.254:7001 (ID: 9cb6e8f7e10d85a7a6a30f5fc17f06a5775b1805)
  Replicas:
    - 192.168.65.254:7006 (ID: 30620559f4420dd5f05308401a2c96b34362739c)
--------------------
  Slots: 5461 - 10922
  Master: 192.168.65.254:7002 (ID: 75d08706344d98c243c9579abf89a6075f39534f)
  Replicas:
    - 192.168.65.254:7004 (ID: 9a493209da40578023c314f49a1b234de045d995)
--------------------
  Slots: 10923 - 16383
  Master: 192.168.65.254:7003 (ID: e61e5a1ebab6ead786f21183d054fc239c510495)
  Replicas:
    - 192.168.65.254:7005 (ID: bdad94835d820ffc4302ea689f2bdba6c439be8e)

Closing connection...
```

### cluster_client_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Cluster connected and slot map loaded.

Running SET command for "key:A" (Slot 9366)...
SET response: OK

Running GET command for "key:A"...
GET response: Hello from Cluster!

Running SET command for "key:B"...
SET response: OK

Running GET command for "key:B"...
GET response: Valkey rocks!

Closing all cluster connections...
```

### cluster_failover_stress_test.dart
```sh
```

### cluster_mget_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Connected to cluster.

Setting up test data on multiple nodes...
Executing MGET for [key:A, key:B, key:C, missing_key]...
Results: [Value-A, Value-B, Value-C, null]
✅ MGET Success: Retrieved values from multiple nodes in correct order!
```

### cluster_redirection_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Connected.

Starting Resilience & Continuous Operations Test Loop...
----------------------------------------------------------------
👉 ACTION REQUIRED: Kill the current master node to see failover!
   Run: valkey-cli -p <PORT> DEBUG SEGFAULT
----------------------------------------------------------------

👉 TIP: Now open your terminal and try these chaos actions:
   1. valkey-cli -p 7001 DEBUG SEGFAULT (Kill a node)
   2. valkey-cli --cluster reshard ... (Move slots)
   3. Watch this client recover automatically! (MOVED/ASK handling)

[SUCCESS 1] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-1
[SUCCESS 2] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-2
[SUCCESS 3] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-3
[SUCCESS 4] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-4
[SUCCESS 5] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-5
[SUCCESS 6] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-6
[SUCCESS 7] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-7
[SUCCESS 8] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-8
[SUCCESS 9] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-9
[SUCCESS 10] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-10
[SUCCESS 11] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-11
[SUCCESS 12] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-12
[SUCCESS 13] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-13
[SUCCESS 14] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-14
[SUCCESS 15] Node 192.168.65.254:7004 | resilience:key = val-15
[RETRY 16] Client error: ValkeyClientException: Cluster operation failed after 4 retries. Last error: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to create new pool connection: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573) (Original: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63573))
[RETRY 17] Client error: ValkeyClientException: Cluster operation failed after 4 retries. Last error: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to create new pool connection: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616) (Original: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63616))
[RETRY 18] Client error: ValkeyClientException: Cluster operation failed after 4 retries. Last error: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to create new pool connection: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657) (Original: ValkeyConnectionException: Failed to connect to 127.0.0.1:7004. SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657 (Original: SocketException: Connection refused (OS Error: Connection refused, errno = 61), address = 127.0.0.1, port = 63657))
[SUCCESS 19] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-19
[SUCCESS 20] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-20
[SUCCESS 21] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-21
[SUCCESS 22] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-22
[SUCCESS 23] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-23
[SUCCESS 24] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-24
[SUCCESS 25] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-25
[SUCCESS 26] Node 192.168.65.254:7002 | resilience:key = val-26
```

### cluster_robustness_example.dart
```sh
✅ Connected to Cluster.

--- Testing Cluster Robustness with Sharded Pub/Sub ---
1. Subscribed to 3 sharded channels.
2. Received all messages.
3. Unsubscribed (Internal connections cleaned up).

--- Verifying Cluster Health ---
Cluster GET result: passed
✅ Cluster is healthy! v1.7.0 Pool Hardening works.
```

### cluster_sharded_pubsub_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to cluster...
✅ Connected to cluster.

--- Starting Sharded Pub/Sub (SSUBSCRIBE) ---
✅ Subscribed to channels: [shard:news:{sports}, shard:news:{tech}]
broadcasting messages via SPUBLISH...
📩 Received: [shard:news:{sports}] Lakers won the game!
📩 Received: [shard:news:{tech}] Valkey 1.6.0 released!
✅ All messages received.
Unsubscribed.
```

### cluster_ssl_cloud.dart
```sh
```

### cluster_ssl_self_signed.dart
```sh
```

### database_selection.dart
```sh
🗄️ Starting Database Selection Example...

🔍 Server Metadata Discovered:
   - Software: valkey
   - Version:  9.0.0
   - Mode:     standalone
   - Max DBs:  16

✅ Data in DB 1: app:config:mode = production

---

🗄️ Starting Database Selection Example...

🔍 Server Metadata Discovered:
   - Software: valkey
   - Version:  9.0.0
   - Mode:     cluster
   - Max DBs:  1

✅ Data in DB 1: app:config:mode = production
```

### pool_example.dart
```sh
Simulating 5 concurrent requests with a pool size of 3...
[UserA] Acquiring connection...
[UserB] Acquiring connection...
[UserC] Acquiring connection...
[UserD] Acquiring connection...
[UserE] Acquiring connection...
[UserA] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserB] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserC] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserD] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserE] Acquired! Pinging...
[UserA] Received: Hello from UserA
[UserC] Received: Hello from UserC
[UserB] Received: Hello from UserB
[UserD] Received: Hello from UserD
[UserE] Received: Hello from UserE
[UserA] Releasing connection...
[UserC] Releasing connection...
[UserB] Releasing connection...
[UserD] Releasing connection...
[UserE] Releasing connection...

All requests handled.
Pool closed.
```

### pool_smart_release_example.dart
```sh
--- Starting v1.7.0 Smart Pool Example ---

1. Performing Transaction...
   Transaction executed.
   Client released (Smart Release handled cleanup).

2. Performing Pub/Sub...
   Subscribed to channel. Client is now dirty (Stateful).
   Pub/Sub Client released (Automatically discarded & replaced).

3. Verifying Pool Health...
   Ping response: PONG (Pool is healthy!)

✅ Example finished successfully.
```

### redis_client_basic_example.dart
```sh
value
```

### replica_read_example.dart
```sh
1 Master and 2 Replicas => ReadPreference.master

🚀 Starting Replica Read & Load Balancing Example...
✅ Connected to Master and Discovered Replicas.

✍️  Writing data (Routed to Master)...

📖 Reading data (Routed to Replicas via Round-Robin)...
   [GET user:0] -> Result: value_0 -- from Master
   [GET user:1] -> Result: value_1 -- from Master
   [GET user:2] -> Result: value_2 -- from Master
   [GET user:3] -> Result: value_3 -- from Master
   [GET user:4] -> Result: value_4 -- from Master

👋 Connection closed.

---

1 Master and 2 Replicas => ReadPreference.preferReplica

🚀 Starting Replica Read & Load Balancing Example...
✅ Connected to Master and Discovered Replicas.

✍️  Writing data (Routed to Master)...

📖 Reading data (Routed to Replicas via Round-Robin)...
   [GET user:0] -> Result: value_0 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:1] -> Result: value_1 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:2] -> Result: value_2 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:3] -> Result: value_3 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:4] -> Result: value_4 -- from Replica (6381)

👋 Connection closed.

---

1 Master and 2 Replicas => ReadPreference.replicaOnly

🚀 Starting Replica Read & Load Balancing Example...
✅ Connected to Master and Discovered Replicas.

✍️  Writing data (Routed to Master)...

📖 Reading data (Routed to Replicas via Round-Robin)...
   [GET user:0] -> Result: value_0 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:1] -> Result: value_1 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:2] -> Result: value_2 -- from Replica (6381)
   [GET user:3] -> Result: value_3 -- from Replica (6380)
   [GET user:4] -> Result: value_4 -- from Replica (6381)

👋 Connection closed.
```

### sharded_pubsub_example.dart
```sh
Connecting to standalone server...
✅ Connected (Subscriber & Publisher).

--- Starting Sharded Pub/Sub (Standalone) ---
Subscribing to [shard:updates:{user1}, shard:updates:{user2}]...
✅ Subscription active.
Publishing messages via SPUBLISH...
📩 Received: [shard:updates:{user1}] User 1 logged in
📩 Received: [shard:updates:{user2}] User 2 updated profile
✅ All messages received.
Unsubscribed.
```

### simple_example.dart
```sh
Hello, Valkey!
```

### simple_pool_example.dart
```sh
Hello from ValkeyPool!
```

### valkey_client_example.dart
```sh
See `docs/test_results/valkey_client_example.md`
```

### valkey_ssl_cloud.dart
```sh
```

### valkey_ssl_self_signed.dart
```sh
🔒 [Dev] Connecting to Standalone SSL (Self-Signed)...
  ✅ Connected securely!
  Value: works
  📤 PING -> 📥 PONG
  📤 GET ssl_key -> 📥 Hello Secure World

OR

🔒 [Dev] Connecting to Standalone SSL (Self-Signed)...
  ⚠️ Ignoring certificate error for: /CN=localhost
  ✅ Connected securely!
  Value: works
  📤 PING -> 📥 PONG
  📤 GET ssl_key -> 📥 Hello Secure World
```

---

## test

### atomic_counters_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### cluster_hash_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +4: All tests passed!
```

### cluster_slot_map_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +0: ClusterSlotMap updateSlot should correctly modify the node for a specific slot
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.570657] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = robustness_check
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.573907] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 16173
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.575253] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = robustness_check
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.575288] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 16173
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576458] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = foo
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576499] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 12182
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576531] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: key = foo
[2025-12-16T00:06:57.576553] ClusterSlotMap - INFO: slot = 12182
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### cluster_slots_parser_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +6: All tests passed!
```

### database_selection_test.dart
```sh
```

### example_test.dart
```sh
```

### replica_read_test.dart
```sh
```

### sharded_pubsub_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +0: SPUBLISH should execute without error
SPUBLISH sent successfully. Receivers: 0
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_and_cluster.dart
```sh
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_mtls.dart
```sh
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_ssl_and_mtls.dart
```sh
```

### ssl_connection_test_single_tls.dart
```sh
```

### valkey_client_sharded_test.dart
```sh
# for both modes (Standalone and Cluster)

00:00 +0: ValkeyClient Sharded Pub/Sub ssubscribe receives messages published via spublish
Subscribing to shard-channel:{1}...
Publishing to shard-channel:{1}...
Received message on shard-channel:{1}: Hello Sharding
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_client_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +41: ValkeyClient Pub/Sub should receive messages on subscribed channel
TEST: Waiting for subscription ready...
TEST: Subscription ready!
TEST Publishing message 1...
TEST received: Hello from test 1
TEST Publishing message 2...
TEST received: Hello from test 2
TEST Waiting for message 1...
TEST Received message 1 OK
TEST Waiting for message 2...
TEST Received message 2 OK
00:03 +56: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_cluster_client_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +3: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_cluster_redirection_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_cluster_sharded_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +0: ValkeyClusterClient Sharded Pub/Sub ssubscribe receives messages from multiple shards (Scatter-Gather)
Cluster: Subscribing to [shard:channel:{a}, shard:channel:{b},
                         shard:channel:{c}]...
Cluster: Subscription READY.
Cluster: Publishing messages...
Cluster Received: [shard:channel:{a}] msg-a
Cluster Received: [shard:channel:{b}] msg-b
Cluster Received: [shard:channel:{c}] msg-c
✅ All messages received from multiple shards!
00:00 +1: All tests passed!
```

### valkey_pool_test.dart
```sh
00:00 +6: All tests passed!
```
